goe all
right it's 6 minutes 7 uh we do have a
forum if we uh see an A so first fit I'm
going to do
is motion to C David as our alterate
tonight do I hear
second all
say thank you very much so we have two
applications in front of us
tonight application is from William J
5 section .42 of the Andro Z regulation
so as to elate the requirement of a
minimum two the top toil and final SE at
all
site then do is going the second
app our discussion your application all
that sort of things will call public
meeting reg agenda
do you want read
yeah all right the felds will hold
public heing at
7M end of town hall 17 input on the
following applications one application
will
5176 seing Le SE
16.4.2 the end ofing so to eliminate the
requirement of minimum 2 in oil final at
all dist areas of the site number two
application
Edward Savage or at Lane appli seing
relief from section 112 Zing more
particularly appli seing reduction front
yard set back from Sunset Lane from 50
ft to
46.5 46.5 Ft and reduction side set back
left hand side L Side Drive from 25 to
15 through the placement accessor stor
comments questions regarding the
applications will beain after hearing
written comments submitted to the
building and office zoning at.org a been
44 hours prior meeting will be entered
into the record additional details found
online website building
office Town Hall School Road or by
calling 86742 7305 extension 42 access
to public to public can be raised by
contact reference phone number Ro um
just um I apologies I believe I spell
savage
wrong Savage it's correct me if I'm
wrong Savage s
a s
i okay and I believe I spelled right
elsewhere
from
okay very good no
Pi
here did all secure where the hill is
where it goes down secure grass right
now so I will not have no Road anything
that goes anywhere is going to to my
problem
problem you speak so this I'm
sorry so I can
see you can see where it slips where
slopes down and then it goes up with the
hill and the grass goes down was grass
plus I got two two uh Sil fences
there it's not going to it's not secure
it's not going anything go it's towards
my property it's alled towards
47 anything that you hand out in meeting
is stay here no problem problem you get
it
back
so pictures I
mean see sloped everything not towards
toward my
product did you understand you're say
any questions on those yeah I think so
if you could just
clarify so so you got this down the
slope toward the silk fence right the
sil fence this goes down towards my
property here right so I I secured all
that with grass all the way down okay
the grass nothing one go that way and
the area that we're talking about is in
gear where you're where being to fill
okay were you being asked
to se okay so it's this this all Contour
towards of my problems right okay so
there's no Contour say toward the river
no okay so this is this what it looks
like when was when were youday about a
week ago okay be a little bit Greener
now yeah okay so it's
essentially what is that like Sandy
Sandy yeah tall sand tall R okay and
mostly all the water never seen a puddle
up there yet right well
here I'm actually taking my all that
water stand on my Providence it's
nothing going east nothing at all
impossible you know plus I got the silk
fence besides the grass two silk fences
there besides grass and I have 200 foot
buffer before
uh okay so the sil fence is well yeah
two not one still
four the earli St to in the last
year you see how Contour everything
Contour my property look at the grass
you see it going going west east east
the other property everything
a
l
standard so this is being record right
yeah juster no other so yes the answer
to your question theand is yes be
reported
question it's not going to be a
permanent be
for development it's not be a Curr
VAR so you have a place
to I don't know I've had several people
back
thing you know
okay
coms my name is Chris B I'm the engineer
site and I just
want probably leaving a few things out
that are important um we're not asking
for a permanent Vari here forever to be
on the record we just want until he
sells the site or develops the site
himself to get an approv site plan and
when it's implemented in other words we
want to put the top soil where where it
should go because most of the site is
probably going to be paved and um it
just makes sense to do it then uh and
rather than doing it now and have to
take most of it back out you know we
made a low point in the middle that was
requested by the plan zoning commission
as part of the restoration of the site
two years ago they approved the plan to
we we had a low Point like a ponding in
the middle of the gravel no water has
left to go towards the West towards his
existing property nothing has ever gone
that because if it's because of tight
based soil it's all sand gravel whatever
falls on it just goes right into the
ground it doesn't flow out there's no
silt
in the soil at all so for now you know
we recognize it's got to get top so
sooner or later but we just rather do it
later when there's a development plan
either by a new owner or by Mill in the
in the very near future because we have
people looking at the prop
um one of the one of the people that was
looking at it during the summer he heard
from the commission that they're going
to require a top so then the deal fter
so he was all set to sell so it would be
the best point to get the thing growing
is is not to have to do now and you know
he's not he's agreed you got to put it
in but you know he doesn't want a
permanent variant so it's really kind of
a
tempor that's all I said said just for
commission members to speak up oh
commission
okay so I I have a question so that your
your soil on top there is that gravel
and sand or is it silk and Clay you
because I'm thinking if it's silt and
Clay you might have some
wind gravel we we put on whatever top
soil was there it was only about an inch
of top soil on there you we thought
there was a lot more we did a couple of
test bits that were three or four inches
but most of the site by the time we
cleared it didn't have that much to so
we put back whatever we had and some
areas have no to so there's like an inch
in
half but again that's all section and
put top soil in now with that
there now it Act
perfect
dra you know be paid have catch
Pati you know store the water on site
they'll have to you know store water on
site because of the requirements of no
extra water can leave a site commercial
site we've got to store under
ground you know just like they did
across the street same thing right so
that that'll come so the reason for my
question is really say say have the side
on the market trying to trying to say it
correct um what if it what if we Grant
the variance and it's on the market for
some period of time and if there's my my
concern is if there's a lot of say silt
and clay in there you can have windborn
stuff there's no Sil it's all
stand and you're you're right Danel the
question you could be on the market for
a while he's trying to he's trying to
sell it he's trying to retire he's not
for the
investment
long
oh a year not a year or less he had his
first first offers came in late spring
this year and then two serious offers
during the summer then fun the guy was
pretty serious but fell through because
of
this problem not being cleared by
planning itself so again you know we did
we grasp the site that flows towards the
east that whole sloped area is all grass
so there's nothing going in that
direction so that was top SP in the city
which it should be that'll be there you
know forever that that's
per any
other coms
like I have that you know the wetlands
recomendation s they not application
they were very much part of the original
permit
espe well there's an Eng permit as well
as plan
commission a permit from planning zoning
commission are that requ the no no it's
planning planning and zoning
regulations
and the approved cyle we um just a
that you know about the wetlands
Wetlands on this map is Way Beyond to
the right there it's way at the top of
the slope and at the top of the slope we
are 95 ft not not that direction we way
over to the right when the slope picks
up steep that's our 2 to1 cut slope on
the top of that slope and to the right
was not Disturbed and at that point
we're like 115 ft from the Wetland so
we're not we're not talking about
anything that's any we're
doing the lower are we're talking about
that bottom of the site where it's all
flat um that's close to probably 150
feet from the left so it's just in that
flat
area
talk I have a I'm going back to what Jim
just said so it's in as far as the the
reason for that you've been asked to put
the top soil on graphs it's in planning
zoning regulations and in a s plan
that's been approved yeah the
regulations was called for 2 in we had
shown 4 in because we thought we had
four Ines we said we'll just put it back
on we have four Ines and playing is only
told us that they can't they can't wait
so actually they they didn't rec they
suggested that you know maybe you go to
the only board of appeals to
get but there they didn't be okay so
there's been a site plan that's been
approved that said said that so that's
why that's why
correct and the regulation say from gra
has to be brought back to okay like
we're not arguing that doesn't need it
but right
just that you like to present go okay
so close public speak and we're going
okay okay so the
second
like wait Jim zoning agent and I put
together some background information on
this
application and comp to
reading and what i'
like i' like to clar
what's
before is
simply looking
for
from section section regarding
top there was there has been numerous
conversations over the direction of flow
has nothing to do with this evening's
meeting as far as I'm
concerned I just want to keep it also I
I want to clarify a littleit
turn for L Council Mark was at the
meeting
of indicated to
the
that not have the right
to he did
not that
was this this this spoke I should have
said he just said That's you would have
to go CBA that's I look at that more a
suggestion that's
okay make sure clear um I wrote this
rather quickly so it's SE CLE back
information planning
special operation at the property
576 was granted June 2019 the commen
taking sand gravel from the property the
approval was based on the restoration
property importance with approv
plan permit provides that on depletion
the removable material according to plan
the app will stabilize the site by
spreading 4 in cap and see the disturb
areas store capil on the site the intent
of reusing this purpose during the
course of the work the P appears to have
been mixed in with other material in
sight the result was that there little
or no caps
remaining there was
however after some
discussion along the
hallad on
South I for
50 strip it was Abol
see that
picture the remainder disciples se but
did not take you the LA
of education do manage to establish
itself J application request approval
modified PL plan are one short top the
no new material be spread over the
remain of the site plan leion Deni the
request on the basic plan
applies with neither the regulations nor
the plan out file Mr Chen supply for
variance seeking Rel
SE section the regulations calling for
the provision two in top
of
par here we that brings up a new
question uh for me just um so in
2019 we got permission to excavate the
land June June 3rd
20 June 3rd okay and when when did the
excavation SE me you've done as far as
November 22nd 2022 2022 so open right
now for two two land two two years right
now has been open it's been sitting like
that for two years uh
it was it was seated PA but didn't
didn't come up and then about a month
ago I advise Bill to at least get the
slope fixed and make sure that there's a
high point at the top of the slope so
nothing goes towards the east everything
goes towards his land which through the
approval the drainage was supposed to go
half one way and half the other we did
what the commission asked and made an a
decision made a BAS
so stay Thank you anything else
J any more questions after
that okay well now second
later so second application today is
yeah you you
partip participation meeting
no oh I'm sorry that's okay
want to sit up here just Clos so that
your daughter knows what you're say
she Jim do you want me to keep sharing
this or you want me to take
that just make sure to speak loud
second we have
Jan's on
okay all right so you're to the side
over here but here you are okay let me
know if I'm
not yes um to repeat I'm cathine
Hinson out 38 Bunker Hill Road in over
and I am the adjacent land owner the
budding owner
on the Southeast as well as along the
river if you
picture Route Six the subject property
I'm my land is here immediately
J they such a
problem historically I'm very familiar
with a land and how it has been stable
over the years I have lived all my life
with him AER a mile of the prop subject
property purchased the land next to it
in 2015 to add to uh talking about it
already own um which is in a Farmland uh
Woodland open space preserving it for
everybody this all started back in
2019 and I have with the exception of
the co years when not too much was going
on this pres for every meeting phally in
the last two and a half years when the
initial final restoration plan was
submitted and this um not approved by
the planning zone commission and another
one was
filed and was actually approved in
August of
2022 prior to that this land was
had been mowing lot and Bill Meritt who
was a predecessor entitled to their pce
um kept it pretty much mwing until they
passed away sometime prior to
2015 my point being is that it's always
been a very stable piece and even when
we have the worst flooding in part of
the floods the water just went away
because it was a firm Turf base and it
was established land with Perman seating
which all changed with the
exavation which is why think the
planning Z Commission in wisdom when it
first approved the plan required that 4
Ines of Cort be put down so that when
the plan was complete and the site was
restored as you all know anytime there's
been any destruction and any U removal
that has to be
ation and it has to influence
regulations excuse me granted the zoning
regulations a minimum of two inches
which is what he's requesting the
various
for
um excuse me I have allergies I'm not
sick um the requirement of the four
inches of tops or b r two has a purpose
and that is to stabilize the land
the land that's observes on almost daily
basis and also again Jo joining land I
can see the effects it's had on the land
there's a 50 foot not 200 foot buffer
between the African land and
M um I have personally
seen first of all I will say that they
have stabilized as near as I can see
from the road because they not permitted
on the property from the on the road on
the Ste part of the bank that you see
that has just done over last
mon and but you can see from my property
and from the road that there is a lot of
siment that has come off the land and I
have person been down there and
observed prior to that we've done but
not from that area but from the flat
land somebody mentioned before that with
it being open and nothing but the Sandy
type material and not not being uh
rejuvenated in accordance with what the
Zone regulation to provide for any St of
land the blowing off and you can see
it
not up it but over along the sil it's
just streaming
off the I that the zoning
regulations this is very con to have
and that the zoning regulations are
there for a purpose and they apply to
everyone in town do any s similar type
of operation or even when you're
building a house you have stabilize the
area just can't so the roads blows on
you
NE and um this area is far from
stable the as I start to say the zoning
regulations are there for
and that is so that the land is restored
to a secet point where it is no longer
vulnerable where it is no longer subject
to erosion no longer subject to wind
blowing um there's a purpose for and
there's a very good purpose for it
there only actually proove this require
forages I think recognizing would be
great area Eng which this property was
located
so the um it was interesting that I've
been pulling up the C of the map for
today and have it up here anymore but
this entire area through here is what is
proposed to be left like it is now stand
secur
area theyve already seen the impact that
has on a chance of prop and that's not
going to go away simply because he
seated do you feel where your property
is we M things yes
okay lot
six this is the second time
my Propet is shows the line but it's
roughly 50 feet from here you had have a
50er and that actually so pinch and I
said okay temp does go on the prop so
it's 50 basically from the um Ed
property okay going back toward the
river going back toward the river I
yeah and the service Ro isn't very well
articulated but it runs along here and
you can see all the so come off and you
can see that it's even pushed over some
part of so here bottom line is that um
startd say before the regulations of
airs and therefore purpose to protect
not only the land for the land sake but
also the
neighbors and it replies to
everybody you a picture
being I in accessing this
material came across this part of your
website you have a land use presentation
so was done from cry November of
by an attorney um Richard
Roberts and he part of your
material and in it he
discusses what what is variance and what
is necessary in order
to um
of and is your probably all heard one of
the very main re one of the main is
issues is whether or not
the um
variance it has to be
hard hard for this particular piece of
land
and I submit that there's no particular
hardship a piece of land and again must
be this must be considered with a
general purpose in to of zoning
regulations and a comprehensive zoning
plan and and goes on to observe that
Varian should be SP around
it Varian is again because of the
uni but also goes on to point out
that where the hardship is not created
by
the
Y and that in this particular
situation the there was Top Soil there
it was supposed to be preserved as a
matter of fact this whole project was
supposed to be done in segments by
segments and the approval initially
provided for you couldn't go on to the
third section third segment and they
only having two of you going at the same
time so you had to complete and
remediate and then go on that wasn't
done here that's part of the problem
whether or the top soil was there to
cover it because as I said before it was
there before it maintained a super basis
for the vegetation that there was no
erosion no sediment flying around it was
the
way it was supposed to
be and the purpose of this um zoning
regulations is to make sure that this
area is remated and
stabilized after a project is done that
was done in this case it's not stable
and by maintaining the Integrity Z
regulations by doing what they require
in this Cas to in and then seing it
you're going to stabilize the
area
and really it's for the you know not
only because
of what I see it doing to my property
but also with it's you know it's safety
issue is blowing around um
it's adversely
affects TR property for no purpose other
than the extense I presume that he would
have to to complete the project as
approved and as required for by the
zoning
regulations um it's not unique any of us
would run to this prob we tried to do
this on
and the top soil was there at the um I
was also attended
the a Planning and Zoning being here PL
for varas where he indicated that yes he
had covered up what he the long that he
put down absolutely put down He covered
it up in the
subsequent remove and replacement of
additional material on top
the
workshop alluded to who held here as
well we had the exact same
workshop3 so familiar with the law and
we do read these educate our
on I only myself The
Years thank you very much and again this
I just want to add one the applicant if
you read through the numerous
Communications has been advised
consistently that he's got to do this
it's not what just the end that became a
big
surprise as doing part
ofite plan and AUST 22 and repeated
Communications thank you
um the respond any of
that
corre I think it's your
call time it be I just want to correct
something the applicants access road
which is tributary to this prop always
has been always will be it's in a flood
plan
it's 6 feet below the flood plan we were
asked to fill we can't fill it it's in
the flood plane that's 140 ft from the
property the reason why the property is
not showing on this map because it would
be way off the page it's 140 ft picked
up by a surveyor it's accur located um
but it's not 20 ft or 30 or 40t it's 40t
at its closest point and it's further
away as you closer you get to the road
nothing okay last
response yeah go ahead that's completely
incorrect you're
not I'm not
a
sorry when the math was filed the
initial plan was
filed it showed where my property is in
relation the this there
is it shows my
boundary and it show the access road
runs along here this even is close
enough so this this is the I'm sorry
this is the 50 Foot buff my prop is 50
feet over
here that the when the access road was
put in and the silt fences were put in
the silt fences actually encroached a
little bit on that 50 foot maybe spoke
up I said my but on the 50 Foot buffer
so my property
line all right
we it's the big one
that
playing the
yeah let me just share it so it's on the
recording
okay can you see where it says access
road it's very it's very faint
show oh way down here yeah yeah yeah the
access road is
here and the sil fences are here so my
property is within 50 ft of of the
easterly portion of his land which is
very close to the
access I'm G
call moving
forward San of hearing yes um perhaps
after the hearing closes I
that I think if you have any more
questions concerning that me we can
always revisit that when we have our I
would like to move on to our second
application
now thank you very much okay
so any more com
comment okay re go ahead here
oured can Rel from section got two
zoning regulations more particularly
receiving a reduction in the front yard
set back um sun set land from 50 ft to
46.5 Ft and a reduction in the side D
setback left hand side from Lakeside
Drive from 25 ft to 15 ft so should
perit a placement of an accessory
pill yeah what what I would say is it's
Lakeside driv from the property line of
the people adjacent to us to address
this lak side Drive
oh okay it's not to Lakeside Drive which
is kind of far enough away you have 99
and a half F there yeah okay yeah but
the property adjacent to us on the North
side is today to the house it's about 12
ft it was a variance given a long time
ago so that that that house could be
built but we're asking us through an out
building that's going to be about 15 ft
from property line when it's supposed to
be
just there's another house it's 12 from
the proper house live in oh it's 12T
from the
proper here this is Lakeside Drive
here's the shed in front shed in front
what he's saying is the houses already
just that's his but this is your Sho
right here
no oh late
Lakeside and where's the other
Street sunset
set that's I was confused right here it
says Sunset Lane that's I where is
Sunset Lane this is Sunset Lane I don't
know I think that shows
up okay so your property line is right
here yes and this is your address right
here noet
because you have property line right
there what's right here whose property
is this that's Sunset L Sunset let me
see this this is Sunset Lane down here
what what is this SM of property right
here well this says R that's a town
right away oh the right away yes 15 foot
from the from the uh so this is this is
the actual Street this is your house and
your house
is what is your address for Sunset Lane
Sunset Lane okay so you come down
Lakeside you turn left that's Sun that
okay so the
look how how much is
it how much is what when you saying the
sound right how how how much is it just
it looks according to what I us 15 is
that all that is house 15 this would be
20 the RO
the right is more than that it's 25
255 center 15t from the edge of
the
roads the right way to build a new road
today well the right piece of land
dedicated would be 50 okay I know for
back based know survey was Z was 20
believe it was 20 anyway extremely
know built in 1930
okay so answer your question I have
Absolut no idea it's not really easy
thing to do I me go back and search and
record it's very
very so that
say but doesn't really matter step back
CER line okay so my next question is the
setback isn't from the center of the
road though his setback is from the road
like I know when I buil my house I had
to be 100t back from the road
so where's the setback measure from
measure so he has to be 50 ft in the
center of
road
yes may have changed since you buil your
house I think I believe I'm a different
zone I'm a different Zone too on a two
acre Zone up there we two
acre but but it's still say yeah I think
Chang because of this confusion of
no right but really have to
do
survey which is it's one thing
you're if
you're sh right well agreed so I just
want to make clear what you're proposing
is 46 and half fet from Center of from
the center of the Sunset Lane and this
is your side yard and at first I thought
you were on Lake and this was in the
front yard but you actually are on your
address is sunset so your house actually
faces this way this is your side yard
okay I got you that and then this is
your uh where is
your land on this side is this your is
this your your line right here or is it
right to the street that's up here right
to the street go to both streets so you
go to both streets and and so your your
set back here is supposed to be 25 and
you want to change it to 15 no no this
is 99 so this is the property line of
the adjacent adjacent proper so you're
looking this set back here supposed to
be 25 you want 15 here yes I got you and
just for the record we received a letter
from your neighbor yes okay and that's
the neighbor you're talking about s the
letter is from this person1
linkes okay this
map of the sh 14 by can you tell which
way is the 20 is it 20 this way it's 20
deep yeah so the house the house is 24
so we're
moving trying to put the
shed adjacent to like in the house so
it's actually a little further away from
their property than the house the house
itself is closer than what you're
proposing for the
shed I go you well so so your your
property therefore is roughly 75 ft this
way is that where you're I think think
of property is be 50
ft from the road here okay because I I
guess I'm just misreading this so it
says because it says you have 46
here it's 46 46 yeah that's what I was
not okay most of the Lots on Lake are 50
foot wide are 50 foot wide I mean the
house next to it is 50 people right as
you go down Lakeside those houses are
they don't even look
I guess they so according to from what
we're seeing here there's no way you can
legally put a shed
anywhere
doesn't what I was just saying too is 20
foot is a pretty deep shed you could
build a slightly smaller shed sure and
and and be back to well not slightly
smaller because he needs 25 feet in
right and you're asking for a 10 foot so
you'd have to build a 10 a 10x4 or make
it wider or you this way turn yeah yeah
or you can turn it this way right youd
have more land this way you could
actually still do it like this right
yeah right here if it's being in line
with the front of the house you still
have only a a four and a half foot
variance looking for here but you
wouldn't be looking for I think I'd
still be looking for some kind of
variance there still would be 25 pretty
sure from this from this year well no
from here still oh cuz
14 you would be only a foot difference
right you'd you'd be a foot within a
foot if you took 10 foot off of this 20
foot if you had 14 ft you would be
picking up well 16 pick
up this
way 14 ft you only be six feet
difference between you
21 from what I was hoping is to be able
to have the door here side like twist
the around and I guess I'd be coming
back around here to go in because I'm
not going to be able to go to this
side I guess the one key thing that I'm
looking at is is this right here
is well that's I'm saying so I
mean those preexist where's the har I
guess sh is shed's not existing yeah
yeah so it's so your current thought is
so 14 by 20 and you want to have a door
the right okay so it kind of matches up
right here
okay and then uh I'm sorry just to this
this land over here is all you led to
yes the laks this didn't doesn't look
like it came out too
well I'm just wondering how much land do
you have here and is there a possibility
of putting well then still the same
thickness and you fall
I sh you Foundation just putting out
skids on Stone just on Stone yeah 3/4
inch Stone that's probably 3 to five
Ines thick depending there's not really
much of a slope there but somewhere
between five inches probably block but
if you put it here it's still the same
problem right pH problem is too close to
this property line right here yeah yeah
and I don't I get I
I mean there's a shed right there's a
septic tank and there's you can just
about make it out there's a pump tank
here too so between those two things I
mean to get access to those things I
couldn't really put it on top of those
things you have yeah you have the same
problem same right same the same
distance we'll call it north to south we
still have the same issue I got so
turning it this way here again we'd only
pick up six feet more this way which
less of a you do you could do a 10 by
20 uh you could
do to be 14 if you that by 20 going 20
going this
way probably pretty darn close I
guess okay any Kath if you any questions
listen
okay expected here didn't
was fact that quar lot both both
setbacks
are
setbacks right oh
yeah you have a lot more you have a lot
you have a lot land this way so if you
did move the shed this way a little bit
well guess I I guess I could there's the
wells right here too your wells right
there yeah
so so again today's point if you maybe
did something that was 10 by 20 this way
here just kept it off your well you'd be
25 ft in the road you got plenty of land
on this side here I'm not telling what
to do I'm just thinking about your
hardship so I because as as you heard um
cther hon read earlier the law says we
have to have a unique hardship okay so
in other words you have no other option
and and so that's what we consider when
you when you make an application so
that's what we'll be we'll be weighing
is is your options for your plot
here could you have a shed somewhere on
this on this plot that would satisfy the
setbacks still
no well guess I can squeeze it and
squeeze it and then maybe it would make
this this yeah this one here is 4 and a
half feet it's and there's all that
debate from C line when the regulations
were that I think the one that
probably for my for me anyways is is the
25 to 15 setb back here that I would be
more concerned with and whether or not
you could do something to modify your
plan but again I'm not here to tell you
what to do I'm just tell
think to what is the hardship and for to
act you know appropriately so right but
either way if he's GNA seem if he's
going to build anything here there's
going to need to be some kind of so is
there a benefit to less of a well I
think only I think he'd achieve 25 fet
here if he did a the Dave's Point
instead of
14 if you did a 10 by 20 and you turn it
this way you'd only be and and there's
that the great area here Center Road
edge of the road
whatever in my mind that's not a big
deal for that be there this is my
opinion right that's one of the things
that you know when you buy a house on
Lake you know that you know that those
issues any any building you want to put
up on that property is going need a
variance yeah it you know and then is a
Vari right I mean is it I mean it's a
shed right I I
mean you know one of the thoughts was
gee you know maybe we could even put a
car in it you know get it long enough
put a car and wouldn't have to deal with
stuff in winter
time that's right that's
that's going this way because you can
drive this way here so it's really more
I mean still based on I could come in
here try so where's your current driver
driveway this didn't come out too well
print L it says
driveway
okay
okay and to your point you could always
access it
from L side again I'm not should I'm
just looking
at would you have available to you to
work
with Okay anything else you wanted to
add
Okay then if that's everything what I'd
like to do is U I guess one of I think
we also got people across the
street people us say they looked at that
and said yeah with that the letter we
had is that from here or from I thought
the letter you that we have from people
actually two I got one I just saw one I
saw one letter is this
they were directly across the street
okay that's that's the one I saw right
that's the one I saw
that's
here's here's from the people
on1 lak side which is the north side of
the
house which is where the you know where
I'll say there's less room
right okay so both your
neighbors those of the people at the
house is 12 feet away from their
property point
right you want to see the letter one you
guys oh
we will keep
that all
right so uh with no further public any
further public comments we're going to
close the uh public speaking portion of
the hearing and uh adjourn and we are
going to open the regular meeting agenda
and uh we'll call the order here 5
after8 uh B call we have seating on the
same uh people are seated uh are there
any addition to changes to the agenda
commission yes you you don't really need
to see anybody for public you don't need
to see I did that at the beginning just
because I wanted to get that you should
see
Mee see them again okay I did it at the
beginning of the meeting but okay do I
hear a motion to accept dat as our
alternate for the
even Oliver and I have second
me
discussion all approve all favor all all
close
Okay Okay um are there any addition to
changes to the agenda
okay so we here to discuss now um and
nor public speak you can ask
questions there so we're going to
discuss the first application from way V
517 from 1642 of regulations so elimate
the requirement minimum Cil and final
seating at all Disturbed areas of the
site I will entertain uh any motions at
this
point
one no uh I'm going to make the motion
uh not to accept the application is
submitted uh will anybody second
that would do it as motion to accept it
and then that you can't motion not to
accept it no one wants motion to accept
it seriously have to do like motion to
accept Okay
motion that
true accept the variance and then if you
want
against you that question so to vote
there has to be at least some type of
moot entertain votes are against just be
no
yeah yeah okay so I can't make a motion
you can application you can very often
it's recommended that that you that if
you done and then it doesn't make it
personally I like to go back and then
deny it so CL but I believe that it's
okay if what the playing Z does is if
they don't approve you chairman will
make a motion to approve and if it
doesn't fly it's considered
deny I like that it
actually different answer the last time
we did this that's okay yeah was the
last time we went through this it was a
totally different response that we got
from the lawyer from ER and everybody
else but just to say time it's already
get away uh I will make a motion to
improve the
application uh from William
576 uh
as
Smit you need a second do I do I have a
second that's why it doesn't make sense
to do with that because one seconds it
only makes sense for me if nobody's
going make no one's going to make a
motion to approve it then I'm going to
make a motion not to
approve and and then I'm going to I'm
going to make a motion not to improve it
and and have second no second my emotion
improve it it goes nowhere there's no
discussion okay
so doesn't make sense to do it that way
it only makes sense for someone that
wants to make
emotion you have to act sorry you do
have to act that tonight you do have act
on the application I know exactly J
that's that's not the question the
question is is there emotion approve the
application nobody said it so I made the
motion not to approve the
application is that
second seconded by fed
discussion all those in favor of the
motion not to approve the application
submitted say I I I'll
oppose
obain
sorry okay we not
second application thank you for your
thank you your too thank you for coming
out okay on set the application
application of Edward Savage for sunet
Lan applications to complete from
section 11.2 of the zoning regulations
more particularly the application
speaking a reduction front yard set back
from Sunset Lane 50 ft 4 to.5 ft and a
reduction in the side yards that left
hand side L side point might 15 so as to
allow placement of
necessary Jo
tions I would make a motion to approve
it um I wanted to discuss but I would
make
okay
I
true Okay so
discuss my question is as it was
before is there maybe this more question
for Jim is there any any benefit to
asking to change the dimensions of that
shed or is just variance variance
let the VAR as it is you want turn have
toy okay so you can deny obviously
change if was you could always
you
know very know Chang set whatever and
reapply but that's okay so yes they
could obviously
reapply okay with a different
application you can make Mo
second
okay I'll stay with that that motion
to okay do you have
any discussion
discussion this proper well
we okay so um if there's no further
discussion I will call the vote all
those in favor of including the
application and
say
I you're good goob all right thank you
very much all
for okay wel stay thank you for your
time thank you very much welcome thank
you for coming out on top of this okay
um is there any old business
to I don't believe there is we do have
the M from meeting I didn't bring
them there for
you
may
like thank you good
night and they were from February they
were actually from
February I'll he a
motion you make a motion to accept
submitted is that a second anywhere I'll
second that's spread any discussion
directions
all those in favor except minut
submitted you can't vote
okay yes
fantastic uh with that I would entertain
a motion to
adjourn I'll
second sorry uh seconded by Fred all
your
favor thank you so much I appreciate
thanks
app so thank you guys and yes so we had
that question remember the time we had I
was thinking about it more after I was
like oh yeah because we had a situation
once